# Python Code Execution and Error Handling

This Python project offers a comprehensive solution for automating code execution, capturing outputs, handling errors, and generating scripts efficiently. It is especially useful for data processing and automation tasks.

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Features

- **Code Extraction**: Extract code blocks from text responses, often generated by models or other sources.
- **Local Dataset Path Update**: Automatically update dataset file paths in code to use local files.
- **Script Generation**: Create Python scripts from extracted code.
- **Output Capture**: Execute Python code and capture standard output and errors.
- **Error Handling**: Handle syntax errors and other exceptions gracefully.
- **Output and Error Logging**: Save code outputs and errors to files for reference.
- **Image Saving**: Replace `.show()` with `.savefig()` to save generated images.
- **Flexible Configuration**: Customize paths and settings to suit your workflow.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3.10
- requirements libraries (install via `pip install -r requirements.txt`)

### Installation

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/python-code-execution.git
   ```
2. Install the required dependencies
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Usage

1. Import the necessary functions from the `utils` module.
2. Import globaly defined constants
3. Use the provided functions to extract code, update dataset paths, save scripts, execute code, and more.

Refer to the [Documentation](#documentation) section for detailed information on each function and its usage.

## Documentation

For detailed documentation on each function and how to use them, please refer to the docstrings in the source code.

## Examples

```python
from utils.utils import execute_code

# Define the Python code to execute
code_to_execute = """
print("Hello, World!")
"""

# Execute the code and capture the output
output = execute_code(code_to_execute)

# Print the output
print("Code Output:")
print(output)
```

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome!

## License

...